TODAY

Today I talked to you again, old friend.
"The times have changed. Prices increased, though the quality did not do so
and sometimes even declined. It's a hard life."

It's getting harder to get through to you, boy. Did you suffer too much,
'cause of bad circumstance and the cruel world around us?
We could not get in touch today.

It's alright, guy, I won't talk of the old times and all the things, we have done.
Maybe only of how we partied together and had a whole lot of fun.
I see, you agree.

No need to realize, that we did more than that and I won't talk of old times.
Got the impression, that it is so much easier to talk without much sense.

Refrain:
Congratulations today. Just continue on your way. What you own won't fade.
And you will get lot's of sway. Congratulations today.
It won't be long, tilll everybody knows your name.
And your life will be full of power and money,
like it was in the best of your dreams.

You're looking sharp, my friend, you really developed. Hot guy of chosen words.
You're really tough, and no one can ever harm you, except maybe yourself.
Why don't you answer me?
No time for lifting up another one's spirit, you are a clever one.
You know, that time means money and you ain't wasting
Your time's all long begun since many days today.

Bridge:
Nevertheless, as I left you in the afternoon, (you had important work to do.)
Couldn't avoid to think, that not only time had changed, you are all grown up too.
You behave.
But don't you mind, cause that was just my feelings, everyone sure needs an aim.
And I am sure you'll always go the right way, you won the game we played TODAY.

Bridge 2:
Sitting on the rim of a deep water glass, filled with some kind of wise drink,
I think about what life really means to me.
Is it beautiful, exciting or just grim?

                                                                                  1984
                                                                                (01.12.)

108
